hi there folks this is Mike few from
hubpages I'm cloud Explorer that's my
name my profile on hub pages and I'm
pretty much here to give you all people
a little bit of a tour of you know
simple drills things that can help you
you know in your basketball game
developed starting from scratch and all
the way up to advanced dribbling drills
ability and ball handling ability so the
more you do these simple drills it
actually makes your fingertips your flow
arms and your awareness of using and
manipulating the movement of the ball
with your hand become more adaptable so
that way you're more keen to how you
move the ball around the court so just
check it out real quick start it off
like this pretty much are you going to
do is just be beating it the ball like
the truck but you're using your
fingertips your fingertips are the most
important thing okay so do not do not
use your arms I mean do not do not use
your palms don't bomb the ball don't do
it like this that's the wrong way to do
it you want to do it like this you want
to focus on moving your finger your
fingers up and down like that and not
your whole entire
like this take your time take your time
to think about anything else just
focusing about maybe some
understand
you